oh yeah you're free to go
not really but you've got package don't
get your hopes up
we've already checked it for anything
useful haven't we Dave what yeah yeah of
course I checked it I mean if I didn't
check it I'd lose my job at home that
was my job see you around
he's escaping
you
witness please continue your testimony
okay as right alongside my partner in
the armored man generally spotted a bag
on the side of the road I got out and
eventually decided to throw the bag in
with the other we didn't know what it
was someone hiding in there objection
so the defendant crawled into that bag
in order to break into the bank as I
correct easy if not the obvious is it
really that obvious I have proof that
the defendant didn't hide himself in
that bag well then what are you waiting
for present this evidence already
take his is that the bag the defendant
hidden yes but there's one thing that's
been bothering me if the defendant
really was hiding in this bag then how
did you tie the knot from the outside of
the bag
he was inside the bag it being possible
from the tie that knot on the outside
what that mean how did he do it
it's simple he didn't yeah what are you
saying I'm saying my client wasn't
hiding that bag at all
you're stuffed in it by this very
witness yeah as you can see by this
doctors analysis the defendant had taken
quite the beating I was in the bag he
was unconscious the piece is absurd the
witness was attempted to dispose of the
body
you left the defend in the bag knowing
he'd drive by it on the way back to the
bank and the witness and his partner
passed the bag he convinced his partner
to throw the bag in with the other but
but why would he do that why to dispose
of the broad hair horse the millions of
bags money in that Bank the witness knew
would take a long time before the victim
spent but unfortunately for the witness
his victim woke up and tried to escape
from his killer
he was arrested on the spot any witness
thought everything was over
now you guys can't you can't this can't
be happening to me
well that certainly was an interesting
trial however I am now ready to deliver
my verdict
I find the defendant Henry stickmin
you